1::A divide-and-conquer algorithm recursively breaks down a problem into two or more sub-problems of the same or related type, until these become simple enough to be solved directly. The solutions to the sub-problems are then combined to give a solution to the original problem
2::Binary search is an efficient algorithm for finding an item from a sorted list of items. It works by repeatedly dividing in half the portion of the list that could contain the item, until you've narrowed down the possible locations to just one. We used binary search in the guessing game in the introductory tutorial.
3::The key difference between the tuples and lists is that while the tuples are immutable objects the lists are mutable. This means that tuples cannot be changed while the lists can be modified. Tuples are more memory efficient than the lists.
4::As we know, Python uses the dynamic memory allocation which is managed by the Heap data structure. Memory Heap holds the objects and other data structures that will be used in the program. Python memory manager manages the allocation or de-allocation of the heap memory space through the API functions.
5::Pickling” is the process whereby a Python object hierarchy is converted into a byte stream, and “unpickling” is the inverse operation, whereby a byte stream (from a binary file or bytes-like object) is converted back into an object hierarchy.
6::searching, there are two types: sequential search and interval search. Almost every search algorithm falls into one of these two categories. Linear and binary searches are two simple and easy-to-implement algorithms, with binary algorithms performing faster than linear algorithms.Search algorithms can be classified based on their mechanism of searching into three types of algorithms: linear, binary, and hashing.
